
    

Very authentic Chinese.  Surprisingly good.  Space is large and very comfortable. What made us decide to go is that they actually have Chinese dish names in the menu.  Our food is delivered very quickly. We ordered:Steamed soup buns: not the best I have had, but decentBeef brisket noodle: mildly spicy, very good, recommended Sautéed diced chicken w. Szechuan chili pepper: heaven sent, highly recommended Tea smoked duck with deep fried onions: It is okMapo tofu: very good, recommended Some Fish fillet dish from the lunch menu: it&#39;s okClearly the specialty is Szechuan.  All the hot and numbing dishes are worth of trying if you want to try authentic Chinese.



Sautéed diced chicken w. Szechuan chili pepper


Sautéed diced chicken w. Szechuan chili pepper


Excellent. This is probably one of the best Chinese restaurants I have ever ate at. Large portions, good atmosphere, and good service. I had the Hot/Sour soup which is really good, most Chinese restaurants are really not that good, but PC was spot on. I then had General Tso chicken, which was on lunch menu, but they made into dinner and it was incredible. My son had chicken lo mein and it was very good. Look at any of the tourist magazines or fliers and get the 10% off, added bonus!

After spending a full day at water country USA, we decided to get dinner at Peter Chang since it wasn't too far away. The restaurant is by itself and has its own parking lot. 
We went on a Sunday night and was told that the wait was 15 minutes, but it turned out to be over 25 minutes. However, there were a few empty tables and they wouldn't put them together.  We had a party of 8 with 3 young hungry children. I had to harass the hostess a few times before we got seated. 
It took a while for the waitress to come to our table to take our orders. However, once we placed our order, the food  and out pretty quickly. 
I'm glad the food wasn't as bad as I was expected. I enjoyed the fried fish appetizer but it was a little heavy on the salt. The three mushrooms with chicken was good. Other dishes are pretty decent but very saucy. 
This is a second Peter Chang restaurant that I've been to and was not impressed with their services. If I wasn't around the area, I wouldn't drive just to come here.

I wanted to give this place a 4-star but the service killed it. I stopped by here with a party of seven after a long day at the water park. We were surprised to see a wait in the front when we walked in. They told us it would be 10 - 15 minutes. We still didn't get seated after 30 minutes passed by. It turned out that they were having a big party in the back room and did not have enough servers for other tables. So even though there were many empty tables but no servers were available. My friend had to talk to the "owner" several times with hint that we'd leave if we don't get served anytime soon. It was just ridiculous how they were so understaffed.
Fortunately, all the food came out pretty quickly after we finally sat down and ordered. Most of the dishes were pretty good, but everything that came with sauce was veryyyy saucy to the point of being overwhelming. 
Overall, it was a decent Chinese restaurant considering it is in Williamsburg area. I honestly didn't expect much, but it was pretty decent and nothing was "bad". I guess management could be improved with staffing appropriate amount of staffs when they have big parties.

This place is WAY passed its prime and needs a makeover stat.  The ladies room plumbing was broken and the main dining area looks like a "cafeteria" according to my 10 year old.

Service was fine - very pleasant new server had been there all of 3 weeks.

Food?  Yick.   Sweet and Sour Chicken was loaded with ketchup-y sauce.
Anything with 2 peppers or more next to it is too hot and numbing for us to eat.
My husband who likes hot & spicy did enjoy the 3-pepper beef but it was flamin' hot (to me).  Beef was tender.

The fried rice (I got Young Chow) was great and the dumplings were standard.

I would NOT go back.  There are better Szechuan places hear us in Philly.

We needed someplace to go on Easter Sunday night. Went in with nominal expectations. This place was AWESOME. Delicious food. Attentive service. Clean restaurant. Even though we are in town as tourists this was NOT a tourist trap restaurant. Plus - two entrees fed three of us perfectly. $35 for three soups & two entrees. Right on target.

Typical, Typical Chinese food. I can not see how this place won all the awards. 
If anything, they act like their $het don't stink.
The guy behind the counter completely ignored us. Wobbly tables, burned out light bulbs, flys.
Maybe in it ha day, it was nice. They're now just trying to ride the coat tails of awards given to a guy who is no where to be found.
All you're typical inspired USA invented recipes- orange chicken, General Tso chicken. But don't ask for a fortune cookie.
They turn their noise up.  PS- it was seriously the worst fried rice I've ever had.
It's good food and you won't get sick.
But with all the hype, don't get yourself worked up, because you'll just get let down.

BEST food ever!  I am never disappointed by their service or food.  I recommend Peter Changs to anyone who knows the difference between okay Chinese to authentic.

We had the spicy seafood pot - it came with a generous portion of fish, shrimp, scallops, squid & an abundance of button & abalone mushrooms. The mushrooms were delectably coated in the spicy sauce & particularly good (as these mushrooms by themselves aren't known to be exceptionally flavorful). Be cautioned though, the chilli bits that came with it- the green ones are rather hot, though the red ones were really bell peppers. All in all- a great dish to go with plain rice! 

The fried pork belly was a winner to us- so crispy & not oily at all- so you didn't feel so bad eating it, although I did think I was munching on delicious bacon minus the salt content haha! The peppercorns, cilantro, scallions imparted nice aromas to the dish, & though we did think that the dish could've used Just a tad more salt. But it was a really good dish I'd recommend!

Service was prompt, friendly, helpful. 
All in all, a great place for an authentic Sichuan meal. In fact, we think prob the best in the area!! Thumbs up!!

Love love love the food. This time we tried the cilantro fish rolls which were delightful. Always great quality ingredients.

Unbeliavably authentic and delicious food. Went out for some take and try something different. The steamed pork dumplings were perfectly cooled and accompanied by a incredible chili sauce. Next I noshed on some cold beef tripe and tendon in chili peanut sauce with cilantro and onions. I. N. C. R. E. D. I. B. L. E. No way they could top that?! Wrong. Duck Hot Pot could be one of the tastiest dishes I've had...ever. Mr. Chang your restaurant nailed. And forgot to mention it was all ready to go in 15 minutes just like the host said. Phenomenal.

This is the best Asian food I have ever eaten!! By a long shot.  If you like spicy food this is the place!! I've never left a restaurant looking forward to the next chance to eat here!!  
 The flavors found in the hot and numbing selections are a delight to the palate that Americanese restaurants can't duplicate!
 Restaurants found out of town like this that are not available in your home locale are always a let down knowing you can't get it at home!  
 I would recommend this place to anyone that likes food and likes to try different things in their culinary life!  
 Thanks again Peter Chang!!!

The food here, today, was good - not great. The portion sizes are generous and the prices reasonable. All the "normal" dishes are represented. The staff was friendly and the service was quick.
I started with hot and sour soup which was both hot and sour. There was plenty of vegetation and egg(?) in the broth. I enjoyed it.
The spring roll was small but tasty. I wish they didn't bring all the spring rolls on one plate as I dislike having to share my dipping (duck?) sauce.
I had Chicken in Spicy Garlic Sauce (my wife is going to love me when I get home). Spicy it was, with lots of what looked like slices of fresh jalapeno peppers. Served over plain white rice (fried rice is the other option) it was very filling.
Overall, your average American Chinese restaurant fare. It's what I was expecting, so it did not disappoint.

A couple years ago, we happen to be there for the opening night. We returned this past weekend...Because our son goes to college there. This past weekend, we went twice. 

We had the Tea smoked duck, braised fish, braised seafood, chicken and ginkgo soup, the spare rib and mushroom soup, fried pork belly, garlic spinach, lamb chops, scallion pancakes, grandma beef with wooden ear fungus... 

Everything was tasty and there was no msg (as far as my body told me) and I asked for light salt. It was still delicious. 

My wife has determined we'll go there everytime we visit our son who goes to William and Mary

Peter Chang's is so freaking good. It is really authentic Szechuan style food. We started off with the scallion pancakes which were good. I think the curry lol dipping sauce it is served with could be better. We also got the spicy wontons and crispy pork belly which were both delicious. For our entrees we had golden mountain beef and pan fired noodles.
The service is good nothing to complain about. I have been to my fair share of Chinese restaurant  and if they are really good it always comes with a price. The price to pay at Peter Chang's is the bathroom. It is kinda gross but the food is so good it makes up for it. It is by far the best Chinese in Williamsburg and they offer student discounts.

What a great find!  We had the potstickers, dry fried mushrooms, hot & numbing chicken hot pot and beef szezhuan.   It was all really good. If I am in the area, I will definitely revisit.

Overall disappointed with this PC location. We have one in Charlottesville and have always had a good experience. We decided to get takeout from PC in Williamsburg and ordered it at 5:45pm via the website and then do a pickup to eat at our hotel. Well, approximately 40 minutes later I walked out with our order. I asked multiple times during that wait where my order was. The guy was so flustered. It wasn't THAT busy in there. He would never say more than that and never seemed to be doing anything about it. Also, the guy next to me had his food delivered to the wrong place...it was supposed to be a pickup and they gave his food to someone else! Never did I hear "we'll comp it," or "let me have them make you a new one immediately." Ridiculous. 

The food was decent but I would certainly not return with the service I received. The only reason for the second star was because in true PC fashion, it was non-greasy high quality Chinese food.

BY FAR the best Chinese food in Williamsburg.  Food-wise it's probably the best overall restaurant I've experienced in Williamsburg.  The price is very reasonable for the ambiance and quality of the food.

I had been to the Peter Chang's in Richmond before, so was expecting solid food.  I got just that, and the atmosphere is a notch above. I came here on a Sunday night and the restaurant was about half full.  There's a ton of space and the ambiance is casual, yet elegant- ideal for a nice date.  Still, I noticed a few single patrons eating at a table to themselves, which to me is further evidence that the food is top notch.

My dining companion and I were both in the mood for spicy, and boy did we get some HEAT.  He had the Kung Pao Chicken and I had the Chicken Hot Iron Plate (#34) which came with a variety of peppers and onions.  We both thoroughly enjoyed the presentation and food.  I had hot tea and was served an entire pot for only $1.25. I'll also note that they offer white and brown rice and do not upcharge for ordering the latter.

My reason for not giving the place 5 stars is that the service didn't match the awesomeness of the food and atmosphere.  While attentive in the beginning, our server never refilled our waters and did not check back in on us until we were ready for the bill.  She was nice enough, but seemed to lack energy and didn't try to engage us in conversation.  Also, we both had enough food for takeout and instead of boxing up the food for us, we had to do it ourselves. Aside from the friendly and charming host, the other waitstaff seemed similarly blasé. 

Overall, Peter Chang is the bomb and I'm happy to have it so close to home.

Many of the waiters/waitresses are really nice foreigners (randomly, a few eastern european) that have nice casual conversations with most parties.

After exploring the wide variety (but not so good quality) of most other Williamsburg restaurants, many will find Peter Chang's a breath of fresh air. The meals are quite large and the prices very reasonable.

I'd suggest not going during peak lunch hours (not sure about dinner hours) cause they can get pretty busy.

Definitely stick to the more spicy Sichuan-style dishes, as this is their specialty.

WOW!
Their pot set fire all over my body. But it was really tasty. This place is good for winter. They have many spicy Chinese dishes.
The staffs are friendly. The waiter is pretty nice. The hostess wearing very short shorts was chatting with a male staff all the time, which looks weird.
Pricing is ok. Simple soups are only 2USD. I didn't like their sour soup though.
Free parking lot is around the building.
Many Chinese ppl. Exotic.
Not romantic place at all. For family.
I'd love to go back there to try non-spicy dishes soon.

Excellent. This is probably one of the best Chinese restaurants I have ever ate at. Large portions, good atmosphere, and good service. I had the Hot/Sour soup which is really good, most Chinese restaurants are really not that good, but PC was spot on. I then had General Tso chicken, which was on lunch menu, but they made into dinner and it was incredible. My son had chicken lo mein and it was very good. Look at any of the tourist magazines or fliers and get the 10% off, added bonus!




       